
Generate 5 MCQ questions from the following text.

Rules:
- Each question must have 4 options (A, B, C, D)
- Mention correct answer
- Questions must be meaningful

Text:
Shila was a little wiggle worm. Her big brown eyes, usually so sparkly, were wide open, staring at the shadows dancing on her bedroom wall. Her favorite stuffed bunny, floppy, was tucked under her arm, but even floppy soft fur couldn't coax her to sleep. The sheep kept coming, each one doing something magical and wonderful. The colors began to swirl, the sound softened, and the sheep started to fade into a gentle, blurry haze.

Shila walked out the door, a grin on her face. Her father had come to help her, and she had found him as the lone child who made every effort to get to school as soon as her grandfather ever saw her. He'd heard that Shila and the other sheep had been in trouble lately, and had taken the liberty to give her a good time. Before long, she heard the withers of the sheep and saw them moving away from their roost. No one cared. But he'd watched her for a lot longer than two weeks. It probably had something to do with her liking to see others, how they made fun of themselves.

She looked up and down at the ceiling, her eyes darting to what felt like the stars in the distance, and noticed everything seemed to be shining. A bit dark and the breeze seemed to be blowing in through the air, and Shila started to get restless.

Something about her, something she didn't want around this village, didn't want to hear or see...

A single beam of light shot over the ceiling, and it hit the shadows of the sheep, as if one of them had been struck by lightning, and she froze in place. She couldn't breathe, but with only a few breaths on her hands and feet, Shila could feel the shadow move in a soft, rhythmic flow, and that light and the movement created by the light from her eyes, all caught, caught, caught, caught by her eyes. That feeling was almost too much to bear, but the other animals of the house watched her quietly, and the last of them left the hut.

Shila couldn't believe the pain on Shila's face. The