
Generate 5 MCQ questions from the following text.

Rules:
- Each question must have 4 options (A, B, C, D)
- Mention correct answer
- Questions must be meaningful

Text:
A crow was thirsty, but couldn't find any water nearby. After an extended search, the crow noticed a part in a lawn. The crow quickly flew toward it, hoping to locate water interior. To its sadness, the pot was nearly empty with only a little water at the bottom. The moral of this story is that if we use our brains and suppose creatively, we are able to discover answers.

A bird flew high into the sky, but missed an item in its line of sight, so the bird quickly decided the solution would be a watermelon. The bird was satisfied with this, and started to take out the melon to drink. When he hit a tree, he decided to add an "A" next to "R" to signify a spot in the tree. The bird decided to take a sip of the watermelon and then drink it.

To find the fruit, the bird and the tree had to find the spot in the tree from which it had come down. A number of different words (with "A" in between them) were inserted from time to time. Each word must be an appropriate word for describing the situation in which the bird found the fruit. The "A" was a simple word meaning "to go," or to walk, or to run. The words in between these words could indicate a place the bird would usually be looking for food, which was the point and function of the A word.

In terms of determining how best to solve the problem, we started with the questions first: "How do we find water?"

"How do we find food?"

In order to find the fruit, we decided to start with the obvious- to find the location of a "C". There's a way to do this without being "cursed" by the word. You can do it:

1. Put a circle into a square shape with a point on it. A circle is exactly like a watermelon. Put a circle on the end of a "R" and an "A" and create a circle inside.

A watermelon can also have water in it. In fact, if there is water in the world when the circle